I'd love to. Basically, rainmeter is a program that allows you to basically put skins on your desktop at all times. Begin by installing the latest version. There are instructions on the website but the installation itself is pretty basic. When you first run the program, you'll get a default skin that'll pop up. If you'd like, you can play around with this to get a feel for how it works. Once you've decided to change this basic skin (you're going to want to if you want something cool), you'll need to download a bundle of skins that someone has created. I used BlueVision V0.2 for the futuristic looking skins and SimpleSentence for the words. Other skins are readily available on deviantart so you'll just have to look around for one you like. Once you download these bundles, you'll need to open them up in rainmeter. To tell you the truth, I can't exactly remember how to do this, but it'll tell you how on the rainmeter website (I ended up messing around with it long enough to figure it out myself). If you can't figure it out, let me know and I'll go back through and get you an answer. Once you've loaded the custom skin package into rainmeter, you can choose which individual skins you want to display (such as the radar or the RAM monitor, etc). These skins are all movable and you can even right click on them to edit their code. Right clicking on any individual skin will bring up a menu that gives you various options such as adding more skins and hiding skins. This part is totally up to you in terms of how you want to customize it. It took me about 3 hours from when I first saw this to when I actually had it running on my desktop so it's certainly not impossible or extremely time consuming. You do have to be willing to be patient and mess around a bit though (possibly some reading if you get stuck or lost). Anyway, I hope this helps and if you have any questions don't hesitate to PM or comment or something. Thanks.
Edit: Forgot to mention that in order to utilize the temperature aspect of BlueVision, you'll have to download Speedfan and have it run on startup. I also removed my desktop icons and placed them on an object dock called Stardock that appears when I mouse over it just like a mac.